## Predict
### Inference Arguments
`codemodel.predict(source, save=True, imgsz=320, conf=0.5)`
Key	Value	Description
- source	'ultralytics/assets'	source directory for images or videos
- **conf**	0.25	object confidence threshold for detection
- **iou**	0.7	intersection over union (IoU) threshold for NMS
- half	False	use half precision (FP16)
- device	None	device to run on, i.e. cuda device=0/1/2/3 or device=cpu
- show	False	show results if possible
- save	False	save images with results
- save_txt	False	save results as .txt file
- **save_conf**	False	save results with confidence scores
- save_crop	False	save cropped images with results
- hide_labels	False	hide labels
- hide_conf	False	hide confidence scores
- max_det	300	maximum number of detections per image
- vid_stride	False	video frame-rate stride
- **line_width**	None	The line width of the bounding boxes. If None, it is scaled to the image size.
- visualize	False	visualize model features
- augment	False	apply image augmentation to prediction sources
- agnostic_nms	False	class-agnostic NMS
- retina_masks	False	use high-resolution segmentation masks
- classes	None	filter results by class, i.e. class=0, or class=[0,2,3]
- boxes	True	Show boxes in segmentation predictions
### Working with Results
The Results object contains the following components:

- Results.boxes: Boxes object with properties and methods for manipulating bounding boxes
- Results.masks: Masks object for indexing masks or getting segment coordinates
- Results.keypoints: Keypoints object for with properties and methods for manipulating predicted keypoints.
- Results.probs: Probs object for containing class probabilities.
- Results.orig_img: Original image loaded in memory
- Results.path: Path containing the path to the input image
- **Boxes** object can be used to index, manipulate, and convert bounding boxes to different formats. Box format conversion operations are cached, meaning they're only calculated once per object, and those values are reused for future calls
    - *boxes.xyxy*  # box with xyxy format, (N, 4)
    - *boxes.xywh*  # box with xywh format, (N, 4)
    - *boxes.xyxyn*  # box with xyxy format but normalized, (N, 4) 
    - *boxes.xywhn*  # box with xywh format but normalized, (N, 4) 
    - *boxes.conf*  # confidence score, (N, )
    - *boxes.cls*  # cls, (N, )
    - *boxes.data*  # raw bboxes tensor, (N, 6) or boxes.boxes
- **Masks** object can be used index, manipulate and convert masks to segments. The segment conversion operation is cached  
    results = model(inputs)  
    masks = results[0].masks  # Masks object
    - masks.xy  # x, y segments (pixels), List[segment] * N
    - masks.xyn  # x, y segments (normalized), List[segment] * N
    - masks.data  # raw masks tensor, (N, H, W) or masks.masks 
- **Keypoints:** object can be used index, manipulate and normalize coordinates. The keypoint conversion operation is cached  
results = model(inputs)  
keypoints = results[0].keypoints  # Masks object  
    - keypoints.xy  # x, y keypoints (pixels), (num_dets, num_kpts, 2/3), the last dimension can be 2 or 3, depends the model.
    - keypoints.xyn  # x, y keypoints (normalized), (num_dets, num_kpts, 2/3)
    - keypoints.conf  # confidence score(num_dets, num_kpts) of each keypoint if the last dimension is 3.
    - keypoints.data  # raw keypoints tensor, (num_dets, num_kpts, 2/3) 
- **Probs:** object can be used index, get top1&top5 indices and scores of classification  
results = model(inputs)  
probs = results[0].probs  # cls prob, (num_class, )  
    - probs.top5    # The top5 indices of classification, List[Int] * 5.
    - probs.top1    # The top1 indices of classification, a value with Int type.
    - probs.top5conf  # The top5 scores of classification, a tensor with shape (5, ).
    - probs.top1conf  # The top1 scores of classification. a value with torch.tensor type.
    - keypoints.data  # raw probs tensor, (num_class, ) 
### Plotting results
You can use plot() function of Result object to plot results on in image object. It plots all components(boxes, masks, classification probabilities, etc.) found in the results object
`Python`
````res = model(img) 
res_plotted = res[0].plot()
cv2.imshow("result", res_plotted) 
````
Argument	Description  
- conf (bool)	Whether to plot the detection confidence score.
- line_width (int, optional)	The line width of the bounding boxes. If None, it is scaled to the image size.
- font_size (float, optional)	The font size of the text. If None, it is scaled to the image size.
- font (str)	The font to use for the text.
- pil (bool)	Whether to use PIL for image plotting.
- example (str)	An example string to display. Useful for indicating the expected format of the output.
- img (numpy.ndarray)	Plot to another image. if not, plot to original image.
- labels (bool)	Whether to plot the label of bounding boxes.
- boxes (bool)	Whether to plot the bounding boxes.
- masks (bool)	Whether to plot the masks.
- probs (bool)	Whether to plot classification probability.
### Streaming Source for-loop
`Python`
````
import cv2
from ultralytics import YOLO

# Load the YOLOv8 model
model = YOLO('yolov8n.pt')

# Open the video file
video_path = "path/to/your/video/file.mp4"
cap = cv2.VideoCapture(video_path)

# Loop through the video frames
while cap.isOpened():
    # Read a frame from the video
    success, frame = cap.read()

    if success:
        # Run YOLOv8 inference on the frame
        results = model(frame)

        # Visualize the results on the frame
        annotated_frame = results[0].plot()

        # Display the annotated frame
        cv2.imshow("YOLOv8 Inference", annotated_frame)

        # Break the loop if 'q' is pressed
        if cv2.waitKey(1) & 0xFF == ord("q"):
            break
    else:
        # Break the loop if the end of the video is reached
        break
# Release the video capture object and close the display window
cap.release()
cv2.destroyAllWindows()
````
---
## Datasets
- images
  - train
  - val
  - test
- labels
  - train
  - val
  - test
